Dota 2 finally gets released, Abaddon is added
to the game, along with tons of new cosmetic
items, bundles, hud skins, and more!
Hey guys, Jess here with the Dota 2 update!
So first up - Dota 2 is FINALLY out of beta!
So...what exactly does this mean for you guys?
Well, ironically, now that the game is out,
they're STILL not letting just anyone in - new
players who sign up to play will be invited
in batches, so as to not overload Valve's
servers.
And for those who have already been in the
game, not a whole lot is changing - Valve
is of course going to continue supporting
the game and adding heroes, and those of us
who participated in the early access phase
have received a Bloodstone of the Precursor,
a special item indicating how many players
we've invited - so how many new players did
you bring to Dota 2?
I apparently invited 7 people to the beta,
but leave me a comment and lemme know what
your magic number is - in Dota, I mean, get
your mind outta the gutter.
Next, Abaddon has bene added to teh game!
He's a melee strength hero known for being
one of the most versatile heroes in the game,
and is often played as a support to due to
powerful utility abilities like Mist Coil,
a powerful single target nuke/heal.
You can click the link in the video description
to read more about Abbadon on his Dota 2 Wiki
article.
Moving on, besides Abaddon, TONS of other
things were added, mostly cosmetic items.
New sets were released for Anti-Mage, Axe,
Batride, Bloodseeker, Clinkz, Doom, Death
Prophet, Dark Seer, Morphling, and Spirit
Breaker, and you can click the link in the
description to see those for yourself.
Which one do you guys like best?
I'm really diggin' the Death Prophet one - she's
one of my favorite heroes and her new item
set includes custom ghosts for her ult, which
look REALLY cool - leave me a comment and
let me know which item set you guys like best!
Finally, the Dota 2 Wiki has been fully migrated
onto the Gamepedia platform - it's still accessible
at the domain dota2wiki.com, but will have
the improved functionality that you guys have
come to expect from our Gamepedia wikis.
That's all for this week, but be sure to subscribe
if you haven't already, and give this video
a thumbs up for Dota 2!
And remember, if you wanna talk Dota with
me sometime, or if you find a really cool
piece of fan art or cosplay or anything that
you wanna show us, Twitter is the best way
to get in contact with me, go ahead and Tweet
me @JessBrohard and whatever you're showing
off might make it into next week's update!
THanks for watching, enjoy the game.